welcome to La Cucina Anna Maria I'm Anna
Maria de Freitas owner of the Harrison
house wheats
Tucker House Inn and coho restaurant and
Friday Harbor San Juan Island Here I am
in Pelle Indaba lavender fields Pelle
Indaba is the premier manufacturer of
lavender and lavender products here on
San Juan Island and probably throughout
the nation today I'm gonna demonstrate
how to make a traditional lamb shish
kabob also infused with lavender so I'm
gonna start with some oregano you could
use fresh or ground some freshly ground
cumin and some culinary lavender if you
look to my left you will see the green
rose
that's the culinary lavender it's been
harvested probably about three weeks ago
and then the buds are dried and I will
use that as part of this marinade
lavender is a great herb that works well
with lamb I think about using lavender
any place that I would use rosemary so
I'm just going to grind this up and
pulverize it and you can see that the
buds are now turning to fibers give it a
few more turns okay and we'll add 2
spoon of that and I have some smoky
paprika we'll add that to the bowl and I
pinch a white pepper and some garlic
cloves I've just lightly diced them and
chopped them up good pinch of salt and
just a little bit of olive oil to hold
everything together and give it a stir
can I have some local lamb here that
I've just cubed I'm gonna put this on
the rub these are great kebabs serve
with a little cheesy key and some
grilled flatbread I would let this sit
overnight or you can just get ready to
grill them I have some lavender grill
sticks you can see they use everything
of the plant so after they harvested
harvest the buds whatever's left the
sticks are great for kabobs you can also
use them for smoking so I'm going to
thread the lamb on here
and these will be getting ready for the
grill sometimes the grill sticks work a
little easier for something that's not
so quite as fibrous as lamb great for
chicken perfect for scallops shrimp and
then just imparts a nice flavor these
are ready for the barbecue I hope you
enjoy your traditional lamb shish kabobs
Bon Appetit
you